(BIRDS CHIRPING)
**
You're here early.
Trouble sleeping?
No. Just wanted
to get out
of my apartment
and to work.
We work you plenty
hard enough. Go home.
Making sure you're rested
is also part of the job.
I understand.
What should I
tell a patient
if they don't think
they're sick
but I think they have
pancreatic cancer?
You think one of our patients
has pancreatic cancer?
(BURPS)
Seventeen.
He's burped 17 times
in 10 minutes.
It's a frequent symptom
of pancreatic cancer.
Shaun,
it's acid reflux.
He's also jaundiced.
No, he isn't.
Paul's skin
is definitely not
the same color
it was six months ago.
Paul?
I looked at his mouth
when he was telling me
about his daughter.
She just...
Walk with me.
**
(QUIETLY)
Say nothing.
**
Hey, Shaun.
(NORMAL VOICE)
Do a CVC, CMP,
amylase, lipase,
CA-19 levels,
and CT abdomen,
pelvis pancreatic protocol,
and do not
tell him why.
You want me to lie?
I don't want you
to tell the truth.
The discoloration,
if there is any,
is very minor.
I don't want you
scaring the crap out of
the man over nothing.
Excellent. I've been
practicing lying.
I lied to you before
when I said
I just wanted to get out
of my apartment and to work.
Take Claire.
Hello. I'm Dr. Lim.
How can I
help you today...
Asha?
I want plastic surgery.
Sweetheart, this is
the Emergency Room.
If you want, I can make
an appointment for you...
Well, you do
vaginal rejuvenation, right?
Yes...
On much older,
much vainer women,
generally after
having many children.
I don't know what
the boys have told you...
Examine me.
Please.
Please take off
your underwear.
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYS)
**
Were you
in an accident?
No.
Can you help me?
Did your father
do this to you?
No.
Please just...
Did your mother...
I need to know
who did this to you.
No, you don't!
It doesn't matter who...
**
(INHALES DEEPLY)
When I was
2 years old...
I was... Tied down,
and I was
circumcised.
**
(VOICE BREAKING)
Please.
I'm hideous.
**
Will you help me?
Yes.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
Why do you
need to confirm
a diagnosis
of acid reflux?
Because we're doctors.
It's what we do.
We just like
to be sure of everything.
There are a few
remote possibilities...
I've got this!
Are you familiar with
the hospital employee manual
section 17,
subsection c, triple i?
No.
Good.
Good?
Yes.
It requires that
all employees
shall be subject to,
and I quote,
"Any and all possible
necessary tests
"to confirm
any and all diagnoses,
"no matter how mundane,
the cost of which tests
"shall be borne by
the hospital," end quote.
The Board
wants to make sure
that no one
is exposed to patients
if there is any chance
that they have
any communicable
condition.
I had the flu
last week.
Why didn't anybody
do anything for me then?
It's a new policy.
You might have
pancreatic cancer.
What?
What'd he say?
Female genital mutilation
is the ritual cutting
or removal of some, or all,
of the external
female genitalia.
Over 200 million victims
worldwide.
It is almost
universally practiced
in a number of African
and Asian countries.
Where was she born?
Wisconsin.
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
Yeah, it's way more
common here
than you think.
What religion is she?
I didn't ask.
This isn't about
religion.
No legit religious
organization
endorses this stuff.
We're gonna do the labiaplasty
first thing in the morning.
The damage done to her nerves
is not going to get undone,
nor is
the psych damage,
but at least she'll
look like other girls.
We should be able
to have her out of here
by 6:00
in the evening.
Outpatient?
Why the hurry?
So her mother will simply
think she's in school,
then out studying
with her friends.
She loves her parents
and doesn't want to tell them
that she's rejecting one
of their cultural traditions.
They won't stay in the dark
for long,
since we're legally obligated
to report them.
That "cultural tradition"
also fits
the definition of abuse.
And they'll also find out
when we ask
for their permission
to do this surgery.
She's a minor.
Her ID says she's 18.
Yes, her fake ID
says she's 18.
Her number starts with
an "H," which means she
was born in the '50s.
Also, the photo background
is green instead of blue.
Also six other things.
(SIGHS)
Maybe we can get Legal
to get a court order...
If I believe
that ID is real,
then I am entitled
to perform this surgery
without seeking consent of
anyone other than the patient.
And, as legally required
within 36 hours,
I will report
the evidence of abuse
under the name and address
listed on that ID.
If the investigation
of that report
doesn't begin until
the girl is long gone
and happens to lead nowhere
because the name wasn't real,
that's no fault of mine.
Are you sure you want
to risk your medical license
to protect
an abusive mother?
If we do this
by the book,
we never see that girl again
and no one gets help.
If we do this by the book,
maybe the cops
lock the parents up.
We shine a light
on this thing,
her community gets scared,
and maybe the next girl
doesn't need our help.
Or maybe the testimony
of the girl
about what happened to her
when she was 2
doesn't help the cops
at all.
Maybe the parents just
take their daughter home,
and maybe we scare
the next girl
into not even
asking for help.
I'm doing the surgery
to this girl
under this name
tomorrow morning at 7:00 a.m.
**
I can't believe
people ever lie.
There are
so many questions
people might ask you,
but if you
tell the truth,
you already
know the answers.
And, also,
it's wrong.
But sometimes,
you shouldn't tell
the whole truth?
No. Of course not.
Because that lets you
be honorable
and tell the truth
and be a good person,
but at the same time,
you get to completely
deceive the person.
No, I don't
think that...
Lea came back.
Wow, Shaun,
that's great.
She's staying with me
until she finds her own place.
You must be so excited.
Yes.
You're not excited?
I said, "Yes."
Paul has
one year to live.
He has pancreatic cancer.
Stage III.
**
There are
no metastatic lesions,
but there are
local nodes involved.
And there's
partial encasement
of the superior
mesenteric artery.
That puts it
past the point
where we can cure
with local resection.
We could do
Whipple surgery.
That's not advised for
stage III pancreatic cancer.
Not quite. It's not advised
for stage IV.
For stage III,
it's discretionary.
(BOOK THUDS)
In my discretion,
he's better off with
12 semi-comfortable months,
rather than running
the risk of dying
on the table tomorrow.
If he doesn't
die on the table,
he could have many years.
CLAIRE: It isn't
our call to make.
I'll talk to Paul,
advise him of the parameters,
let him make
his own decision.
No.
Shaun should do it.
Claire can do it.
Yes, she can,
which is why you should do it.
This is
a teaching hospital.
Andrews is right...
Being a surgeon
isn't just about cutting.
**
Would it be okay
if we spoke
someplace more quiet?
You need someplace quiet
to tell me I have acid reflux?
I think we should be
someplace quiet
because people
sometimes get very upset
when they find out
they probably only have
less than a year
to live.
**
Okay, uh...
Can I call my family?
They should probably hear
what you have to say, too.
I'd rather
just talk to...
Of course you can.
**
DR. LIM: I'll elevate it with
a 6-inch Ambler tissue hook.
You separate the underlying
tissue with iris forceps.
DR. REZNICK: I got it.
Tenotomy scissors.
I think we're actually
a little ahead of schedule.
Might be able to get her home
in time to do her homework.
Back to the bosom
of her loving family.
We'd remove as much
of the cancer as possible
by removing the head
of the pancreas
and other
attached organs,
but then, we'd have to
reconstruct the anatomy.
The easiest way
to do that
is to bring up
a loop of jejunum...
Shaun.
Sorry.
The jejunum is part
of the small intestine
between the duodenum
and ileum.
It's complicated,
very dangerous surgery.
And even
if it's successful,
post-operative complications
are frequent and serious.
And recovery can be
very painful.
But if it works, he's better?
He'll be healthy?
He would still need
chemotherapy
and a lifetime
of monitoring.
But hopefully,
a long lifetime.
Let's do it, Dad.
What do you say?
What should I do?
It's your decision.
All we can do
is present you with the facts.
**
Yeah, here are
the facts, Dad...
The surgery
may kill you.
Not doing the surgery
will kill you.
**
Can you give us
a few minutes?
Of course.
**
(LIQUID POURS)
It was very nice
of Dr. Andrews
to give you an office,
even though, you're on
medical leave.
Yeah, he is a prince.
Who's your surgeon
going to be?
I haven't d...
I haven't
decided yet.
You should
definitely go with
Dr. Joshua Atkinson
at Stanford Medical Center.
His mortality index
is .3.
It's too low.
Not enough of his patients
are dying?
No, Shaun,
sometimes patients die.
Doesn't matter
how good the doctor is.
But when your mortality rate
is as low as Atkinson's,
it means you're
turning away patients.
You turn away patients,
it means you lack confidence.
You lack confidence, I don't
want you inside my head.
And I'd like to be able
to dress myself
when I'm all done.
Shaun, what are you
doing here?
You showed up at work
early this morning.
Go home.
Get some rest.
I won't rest
if I go home.
The surgery went great.
Once everything's healed,
I think
you'll be very happy
with the results.
What time is it?
Not quite 5:45.
We just need you
to pee, and...
I need to go home.
And you will...
very soon.
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
It hurts.
I told you it would.
We did a lot of cutting
and scraping.
You had a lot
of scar tissue.
It hurts a lot.
We'll give you
some Tylenol,
and you can tell your mother
you're cramping.
(GRUNTS) Ow!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Hang ketamine...
130 micrograms
per kilogram per hour.
Why does it
hurt this much?
I don't know.
But you're not
going home.
Ow!
She's heavily sedated.
What did we do
to her?
What if this is
good news?
I know you haven't been
a doctor all that long,
but pain is rarely
a sign of good news.
It is if you're talking about
a part of the body
you thought was dead.
What if this means
there's still viable
nerve endings in there?
What if this means
we can actually
reconstruct her clitoris
and that it's capable
of sensation?
Maybe.
All we know for sure
is she's not gonna be home
anywhere near 6:00,
which means
we're about to have
a missing child on our hands.
We have to bring Andrews
up to speed.
**
I did a bad job
of telling you
that you're dying.
Is there a good way?
I can't figure out
when I'm supposed to lie,
when I'm supposed to tell
part of the truth.
And it doesn't
really matter,
because I can't figure out
how to do it anyway.
You did fine with me.
You never need to lie.
Lies don't protect you
from the truth.
I don't like
your haircut.
(CHUCKLES)
Okay.
Maybe sometimes,
when the truth
can't help someone...
...you should definitely
just lie.
Do you think praying
will help you reach
a decision?
I've already
reached a decision.
I'm praying to help me
find comfort
with that decision.
My family
wants the surgery.
And what do you want?
I want
what my family wants.
I love them.
But they love you,
too, right?
Don't they want
what you want?
Long ago,
I made a decision
to be there for them
no matter what.
**
And if the last choice
I make in my life
is consistent
with that,
I'm comfortable
with that.
**
(DOOR OPENS, CLOSES)
(PAPER SHUFFLING)
I'm surprised by you.
I, arguably,
made errors in judgment,
but it was all in an effort
to help a patient.
Yes, and that would make sense
if you thought
you'd never have
another patient ever again.
And if there wasn't
currently an opening
for Chief of Surgery.
I didn't know
that was on the table.
See, that's the difference
between you and Melendez.
I have no doubt that as soon
as I got this promotion,
Melendez had done the math
and reacted accordingly.
But I suspect that even
if you had done the math,
it wouldn't have changed
how you handled this patient.
I don't view that
as a weakness.
I'll handle
the administrative fallout.
You...
...notify the parents
immediately.
I can't.
We don't know
the girl's real name,
and we have to
keep her sedated,
so there's no way
we can track...
She's a teenager.
She's got a phone.
Next time it rings,
answer it.
(KEYS CLACKING)
(DOOR OPENS, CLOSES)
You feel the mesenteric
artery pulsing?
SHAUN: Yes.
You shouldn't.
You're too close to the vein.
Great. Dr. Browne,
pass a penrose drain through.
Bovie.
(MONITOR BEEPING)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING
FAINTLY)
Suction.
(SUCTION WHIRRING)
Got it all.
I see
leaking pancreatic fluid.
DR. MELENDEZ:
That'll eat holes
in everything it touches.
Our duct tie
didn't hold.
Suction.
Needle driver.
DR. BLAIZ: Excellent.
You have approved
a scrub nurse
and a circulating nurse
and seven other personnel.
Everyone and everything
is covered,
except for
an actual surgeon.
Yeah. I think
we may have to postpone.
Have you notified
your tumor to stop
growing in the interim?
I think any possible damage
from a delay
may be more than offset
by having somebody competent
digging around
in my brain.
"Competent"?
What's wrong
with Sanders?
6% mortality rate.
Taylor?
I don't like the way
he's planning on
dealing with
a carotid tear.
That's nowhere near
your tumor.
It's the principle.
Unger?
He doesn't like me.
No one likes you.
No! You don't like me.
He doesn't like me.
That's two.
Just pick a name.
I don't care who.
I don't care
if they're a doctor.
Just pick a name.
Because in 48 hours, you're
either getting your surgery
or you're getting
a new oncologist.
**
ZANE: (IN AFRICAN ACCENT)
She's in pain.
That's why she's asleep
right now,
because of
what you did to her?
What I did to her
I believe revealed
that what you did to her
didn't do as much damage
as we initially feared.
We want to do
a second surgery...
How can you
stop her pain?
It's called
clitoral reconstruction.
The nerves of her clitoris
are exposed.
We can sheath them
using...
(IN AFRICAN ACCENT)
Our daughter wants this?
Asha wants to be
like other girls.
She wants
to be able to...
Mara told you that?
That's our daughter's name.
Not Asha.
You don't know her
at all.
We need to do this surgery
to relieve her pain.
No. There must be
another way.
We want
a second opinion.
Not at this hospital.
How soon can our daughter
be moved?
Excuse me, Dr. Lim.
I am Ellen Vahtra from
Child Protective Services.
Until I complete
my review,
I'm afraid you're not
going to be moving
your daughter anywhere.
**
How did it go?
Is Dad okay?
There were complications,
but we found solutions.
It went very well.
We got it all.
(ALL CRYING)
Oh, my...
There's still...
**
I don't think
I did that well.
They're too happy.
Post-surgical
complications are still
a major concern that they...
Let them enjoy
the good news.
Is deceiving someone
in a way
that makes them happy
better than deceiving someone
in a way that makes them sad?
Shaun. I think there's
someone here to see you.
Hey.
I had some time,
so I thought
you might want to have
some lunch with me?
**
I do not have time.
What's wrong?
What did she do?
Shaun. Sha...
**
You don't want
to talk to Lea.
I don't understand.
(INHALES SHARPLY)
I don't understand!
You're not being fair
to her or yourself.
She's always
been nice to you.
No, she hasn't.
She's your friend.
Whatever's happened,
you have to
talk to her about it.
Be honest about
what you're feeling...
I can't be.
Of course you can.
I don't know...
I don't know
how I feel!
**
I can't be honest
if I don't know how I feel!
**
Our 16-year-old daughter
is lying in a hospital bed
unconscious
to protect her
from overwhelming pain
because of what this place
did to her
without our permission.
And you are
investigating us?
Your daughter is suffering
because you butchered her
when she was
2 years old.
Dr. Lim, please refrain from
unsubstantiated allegations.
Either they're the butchers
or they're
protecting the butchers.
If you didn't do it,
tell us who did.
It was an aunt
and a grandmother from Kenya.
They were watching Mara
while we were on vacation.
Well, you must've
been horrified.
Did you take her
to a doctor?
That girl's sex organs
were covered with scar tissue.
She had no medical attention
to treat any of her wounds.
ZANE: She was fine.
She was happy,
laughing.
It's not
that big a deal.
I was cut.
My mother was cut.
Her mother was cut.
It is a rite of passage
connecting our women
to their ancestors.
She will not find a husband
in our culture if she's...
So she'll find
someone else.
It's not
that big a deal.
These parents forfeited
the right to make any calls
about their daughter
a long time ago.
Our daughter
is an honor student,
taking three AP classes
in her junior year,
went on a mission to Haiti
to build a school.
We have raised her well.
She is a good person.
We're proud of her.
I'm sure
she is a good person.
But you are not gonna
convince me
that what happened to Mara
when she was 2 years old
is anything short
of an abomination.
But that's not
the issue today.
The issue is, how do we
best help this girl now?
The clitoral reconstruction
should protect
the exposed nerve.
ZANE: "Should"?
That is the surgery that,
in my medical opinion,
is called for.
But it's not
the only option?
We could oblate
the peripheral nerves
and remove the remaining
clitoral tissue.
And is that surgery safer
or more dangerous?
It's simpler, but that's not
the only factor here.
It's the only factor to us.
We want to know
that our daughter
won't spend the rest
of her life in pain.
Please.
For a moment,
can we think about something
other than Mara's pain?
Can we think
about her pleasure?
We have a chance
to give her
a healthy,
meaningful sex life.
That is what she came here
looking for.
**
Wake her up.
She's in pain,
and she's already
told me what she wanted.
Yesterday, she was requesting
cosmetic surgery.
Today, you're asking her
to risk a lifetime of pain
for a chance
at pleasure.
From everything
I've heard,
she's mature enough
to make the call herself,
even if it means suffering
for a few minutes to do so.
**
Dr. Unger
has a mortality index
that is not too high
and not too low.
It's not
gonna be Unger.
You have not eliminated
Dr. Ko.
Not yet.
I may have to go out of state
to find a neurosurgeon.
Plus, I may have to find
myself a new oncologist.
You've used Dr. Ko
many times.
Did you think
she might kill your patients?
No.
Do you think
you're better than them?
Yes, a little.
That was a joke.
You don't want
to talk about this.
No, I don't want
to talk about this, Shaun.
That, in fact, is the point
of the alcohol.
Okay, I understand.
Good.
Why can't we
talk about it?
Because it's upsetting.
Is that why
you're stalling?
Because
you're afraid of dying?
I'm not afraid
of dying.
Really?
Why not?
You should be.
Dying is terrible.
Yes, dying is terrible.
But there are
worse things.
What's worse than dying?
**
Not dying.
That doesn't make sense.
Makes sense to me.
That's the middle ground,
Shaun.
Brain surgeries
have a tendency
to end
in the middle ground.
Brain surgeries can be
considered a success
even when the patient
ends up compromised.
He can't walk.
He can't talk.
His hand
can't stop shaking.
**
I've been terrible
at a lot of things in my life,
but I am damn smart.
(VOICE BREAKING)
And I am a damn good surgeon.
And if I can't
be those things,
then I don't know
who I'd be.
**
You'd be my friend.
Well, thank you, Shaun.
(CELLPHONE VIBRATING)
**
(VIBRATING STOPS)
I have to go.
My patient just crashed.
**
It's not enough. Is it?
No.
I'm sorry it isn't.
**
(WEAKLY) Mom. Dad.
We're here.
We love you.
We just don't understand
why you would turn your back.
Uh...
VAHTRA: Hello, Mara.
I'm Ellen Vahtra.
I'm a social worker.
Your parents
know what happened,
and Dr. Lim gave you
a nerve block.
It hurts.
It still hurts.
I understand that, and we are
going to try to get you
back to sleep
as quickly as possible.
But something happened during
your surgery, and we need you
to make a decision
about what is done next.
We believe that,
despite what was done
to you as a child,
the reason you're in so much
pain because you still have
functioning nerves
in your clitoris,
nerves that had been covered
with scar tissue.
I'd like
to repair that.
We can make you
physiologically complete.
But there's no guarantee
that it would work.
I'm confident.
There is
a safer choice.
(INHALES DEEPLY)
We could...remove
your entire clitoris.
This is your choice.
You will be protected
no matter what.
Take it out.
Mara, we can
make you whole...
I made a mistake.
Take it out.
She's on medication.
She's in pain...
Dr. Lim, please let her
go back to sleep.
And prepare to operate
to remove the damaged tissue.
**
(SNIFFLES)
Hang fresh, frozen plasma,
too. Looks like
he's going into DIC.
Give me another hemostat.
SHAUN: BP's 71 over 53.
We should have warned
the family.
Can't see anything in here.
There's too much blood.
More suction.
I think you got
the hepatic artery.
The warning wouldn't
have made any difference.
SHAUN: The bleeding
is not slowing down.
We need to send the aorta
to the celiac.
I need to see it
to clamp it.
They would have been
prepared.
A-line systolic's 54.
He's bottoming out.
No, they wouldn't.
You two, shut up and
pack his abdomen with laps
while I sort
through this mess.
I won't do it.
Can we appeal this?
Do you know?
I've spoken with
our legal department.
Unless we can prove
the social worker was biased,
we are stuck
with this ruling.
Well, then you're also
stuck with "I won't do it."
You're a good doctor.
This hospital will miss you.
You're gonna fire me
because I won't butcher
a teenage girl?
Of course I am.
This hospital will face
lawsuits, suspensions,
perhaps criminal charges,
and this little girl
will still get the
surgery you hate.
Could Dr. Lim at least
talk to Mara again?
You want to wake her up
again in pain?
Every woman
deserves the right
to make decisions
about her sexuality
without her parents
hanging over her.
Okay.
**
(GRUNTS SOFTLY)
When I was
15 years old,
my father caught me
with a boy.
I mean, we weren't
doing it,
but my top was off and
Well, it doesn't matter.
My father hit me.
I still have
a small scar.
Our relationship
was never the same.
(GROANS SOFTLY)
But that's
what growing up is.
Not everyone
gets called a slut.
gets butchered.
But everyone becomes
a man or a woman
and stops
being a child.
I want to take
a piece of tissue
from inside your cheek
and I want to graft it
to your clitoris.
**
We can make you
feel...love.
**
I can't turn my back
on my family,
on my traditions.
**
Traditions
connect us to the past.
What about the future?
**
Please.
No. I'm in pain.
(INHALES SHARPLY)
**
DR. MELENDEZ:
Cross-clamping his aorta.
SHAUN: He's in
ventricular fibrillation.
(MONITORS BEEPING RAPIDLY)
CLAIRE:
Starting chest compressions.
**
Okay.
Everybody clear.
(PADDLES WHINE)
(THUMP)
**
Prep the cheek,
as well.
**
She's taking the graft?
The paperwork doesn't say...
She consented
verbally.
We didn't want to keep her
awake any longer
than absolutely necessary.
I wanted to help her
as much as you...
When she wanted help.
But if she
doesn't want this...
She wants this.
Dr. Lim just told us.
**
Prep the cheek.
(FLATLINE)
(MONITOR TURNS OFF)
I'll tell the family.
DR. MELENDEZ: No.
Claire, you do it.
This isn't the time
for learning.
(DOOR SLIDES)
I'm sorry.
(WHIMPERS)
Paul died
during surgery.
He had a gastroduodenal
artery rupture.
It's a common complication
of a Whipple surgery,
especially when
someone's cancer was...
As advanced as his was.
We...did
everything we could
for as long
as we could.
He didn't suffer.
(SOLEMN MUSIC PLAYS)
**
You did this to him.
Dad didn't want this.
You saw that look
on his face.
He was scared.
In my experience,
it does no good to dwell...
(SHAKILY)
Of course he was scared.
That doesn't mean...
He just wanted to live
his last few months.
LORI: Stop it.
Nobody made your father
do anything.
He knew the risks.
(VOICE BREAKING)
It's your fault, too, Mom.
**
All of us.
He would do anything
for us.
**
We killed our father.
(WOMEN CRYING)
**
It's not true.
(CRYING STOPS)
**
Paul wanted this surgery.
He told me
he wanted this surgery.
**
(ALL CRYING)
Was that true?
Paul told me...
When the truth
can't help someone,
we should lie.
**
Mom?
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
How are you?
Does anything hurt?
Not much. I'm better.
Looks like
she's doing well.
Thank you, Doctor.
There should still be
some discomfort
at the surgical site.
A nurse will
bring you some...
**
Sorry.
A nurse will
bring you some Tylenol,
which should really
be all you need.
Thank you.
**
You're gonna be great.
(SIGHS)
**
(CEREAL POURING, BOX SHAKING)
You're here.
Yes. I live here.
You know that.
Well, I was starting
to doubt it
the last couple of days.
You come home
after I'm asleep.
You leave
before I can even get up.
Wow.
Thank you.
Please take this.
No, this is yours,
Shaun.
I gave it to you
to remember me by.
It hurt.
I didn't want
to tell you the truth
because I didn't know it,
but I have to
tell you the truth
because it will help.
Every night,
I would come home,
and I would look
at that baseball,
and I would think of you.
The baseball was here,
but you weren't.
That's sweet.
No, it isn't.
It hurt.
You hurt me.
Okay, Shaun, you know...
You went away,
and it hurt,
and it kept hurting,
and now you're back.
**
If you stay,
you will go away again,
and it will hurt again.
So I want you
to go back to Hershey.
**
I know you don't mean that,
and I know...
Please go back to Hershey
or anywhere
other than here!
**
(DOOR OPENS, CLOSES)
Feeling okay?
Yeah, sure, superduper.
I want to thank you
for your trust.
I'll do my best
to deserve it.
Well, that's all
I can ask.
You know the drill.
**
10...
9...
8...
7...
**